Welcome adventurer, you have traveled far and finally come to the mouth of the cave. A sign hangs loosely from a rusted nail, squeaking with each pass of the wind. DANGER it says and you know it to be true. There are signs of beasts dwelling within the cave with claw marks on either side, deep enough to tear through bone. Danger clearly awaits you here, adventurer. Do you go in alone or will you double back to find some more experienced companions to tackle this challenge together?

You enter the cave alone, ignoring the warning signs. Your torch flickers as you delve deeper into the cave. The walls have grown damp as you further the march within. A screech catches your attention and you whip around to see a creature with glowing green claws staring at you, hunger giving its eyes a dangerous glow. Do you choose to fight or run away?

You enter combat with the creature, unsure of its nature but those claws spell danger should you find yourself slipping. You feel a searing tear in your arm as one connects and pain shoots through your body. Still, its only one enemy right? You can do this. You hear a thud behind you and then another as you are suddenly surrounded by more of these creatures. You have made a fatal error. The exit is blocked and the chances of you leaving this place alive are slim to nil. 

You double back to the town and enter a tavern. There you find a group of adventures enjoying a nice pint of ale and laughing about their adventures. They look up at you and immediately shift their attitudes, recognizing a fellow in need. You recruit the group and return to the cave. With you is a healer named Carissa, A Hunter with a longbow named Dialia, a warrior with a sword that may be too large for his proportion named Dave and a Mage with wise eyes and a manic aura around him. Delving deeper into the cave, you find a lone creature with glowing claws and hunger in its eyes. Do you choose to fight?

Your party easily dispatches the creature but are swarmed by more in an instant. However, you and your party are well coordinated and manage to survive with the help of the mage's protection spells. You delve deeper into the cave and eventually reach a large room with gold and treasure spread about. Gold clatters to the rock floor and rolls to your feet. Pick it up?

The gold scatters about, ricocheting off of the walls and your armor as a massive dragon rreveals itself to have been sleeping beneath the pile. You know turning to run would be a mistake. Its time to fight. Through coordinated efforts, you manage to bring the dragon down, but at a cost. The mage you brought along was struck down by the dragon's powerful flame breath attack and is on deaths door. The healer tries their best to help, but to no avail. With the mage's final breath, he curses the party, blaming their incompetence for his death before the light leaves his eyes. 

You return to the village with heavy hearts, not knowing what the mage's curse might bring. As you approach the hill, you see a plain of ash and decay. Everything you have done was for nothing and the curse upon you is still a mystery. A mighty roar echoes around you and above you see a figure, red scales falling off of their body and clattering to the ground, revealing the bone beneath. A purple flame can be seen inside its chest cavity. The dragon you have slain has become a Dracolich and a new adventure begins. 